Implement ExternalPythonOperator (#25780)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/best-practices.rst

Best Practices
==============

Creating a new DAG is a three-step process:

- writing Python code to create a DAG object,
- testing if the code meets our expectations,

> - running the DAG in production

Reviewer: Something about "running in prod" feels strange to me (does your dag ever have to be in prod to be completely created?)

Maybe generalize this to `- configuring environment dependencies to run your DAG`

Author: Yeah. It did not feel right to me either :)

> - running the DAG in production

Author: ```suggestion
- configuring environment dependencies to run your DAG
```

> This tutorial will introduce you to the best practices for these two steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial will introduce you to the best practices for these three steps.
```

Are there other spots in the text below as well that need to be adapted now that there are three points?

---------------------------

Some database migrations can be time-consuming.  If your metadata database is very large, consider pruning some of the old data with the :ref:`db clean<cli-db-clean>` command prior to performing the upgrade.  *Use with caution.*

> 

Reviewer: Very fantastic and detailed doc Jarek! :tada: 

If read through entirely it should give folks who are new to Airflow a good summary of the different task execution options but also they will learn more about how the Airflow execution environment itself works (where dependencies are sourced from, how tasks can conflict on shared execution hosts, etc).

It looks like a lot of comments below, but there was a lot of text to read through :) Most of the comments are just grammar/naming.

Author: Thanks @o-nikolas :). English Grammar is not my strongest skill :). We don't have articles in Polish at all, that's why I almost never know when to use a/the :). I really appreciate you taking time to look at it and correct it!

Reviewer: No worries at all! I only speak one language so I can't judge anyone else :smile:

Author: I added one more sentence to clarify (and rebased too).

Handling Python dependencies
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Airflow has many Python dependencies and sometimes the Airflow dependencies are conflicting with dependencies that your
task code expects. Since - by default - Airflow environment is just a single set of Python dependencies and single
Python environment, often there might also be cases that some of your tasks require different dependencies than other tasks
and the dependencies basically conflict between those tasks.

If you are using pre-defined Airflow Operators to talk to external services, there is not much choice, but usually those
operators will have dependencies that are not conflicting with basic Airflow dependencies. Airflow uses constraints mechanism

> which means that you have "fixed" set of dependencies that the community guarantees that Airflow can be installed with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which means that you have a "fixed" set of dependencies that the community guarantees that Airflow can be installed with
```

(including all community providers) without triggering conflicts. However you can upgrade the providers

> independently and there constraints do not limit you so chance of conflicting dependency is lower (you still have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
independently and their constraints do not limit you so the chance of a conflicting dependency is lower (you still have
```

to test those dependencies). Therefore when you are using pre-defined operators, chance is that you will have
little, to no problems with conflicting dependencies.

However, when you are approaching Airflow in a more "modern way", where you use TaskFlow Api and most of

> your operators is written using custom python code, or when you want to write your own Custom Operator,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your operators are written using custom python code, or when you want to write your own Custom Operator,
```

> you might get to the point where dependencies required by the custom code of yours are conflicting with those

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you might get to the point where the dependencies required by the custom code of yours are conflicting with those
```

of Airflow, or even that dependencies of several of your Custom Operators introduce conflicts between themselves.

There are a number of strategies that can be employed to mitigate the problem. And while dealing with
dependency conflict in custom operators is difficult, it's actually quite a bit easier when it comes to
Task-Flow approach or (equivalently) using ``PythonVirtualenvOperator`` or

> ``PreexistingPythonVirtualenvOperator``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``PythonPreexistingVirtualenvOperator``.
```

Let's start from the strategies that are easiest to implement (having some limits and overhead), and
we will gradually go through those strategies that requires some changes in your Airflow deployment.

Using PythonVirtualenvOperator
------------------------------

This is simplest to use and most limited strategy. The PythonVirtualenvOperator allows you to dynamically

> create virtualenv that your Python callable function will execute in. In the modern

Reviewer: ```suggestion
create a virtualenv that your Python callable function will execute in. In the modern
```

TaskFlow approach described in :doc:`/tutorial_taskflow_api`. this also can be done with decorating
your callable with ``@task.virtualenv`` decorator (recommended way of using the operator).
Each :class:`airflow.operators.python.PythonVirtualenvOperator` task can

> have it's own independent Python virtualenv and can specify fine-grained set of requirements that need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have its own independent Python virtualenv and can specify fine-grained set of requirements that need
```

to be installed for that task to execute.

> The operator takes care about:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The operator takes care of:
```

* creating the virtualenv based on your environment
* serializing your Python callable and passing it to execution by the virtualenv Python interpreter
* executing it and retrieving the result of the callable and pushing it via xcom if specified

The benefits of the operator are:

* There is no need to prepare the venv upfront. It will be dynamically created before task is run, and
  removed after it is finished, so there is nothing special (except having virtualenv package in your
  airflow dependencies) to make use of multiple virtual environments
* You can run tasks with different sets of dependencies on the same workers - thus Memory resources are
  reused (though see below about the CPU overhead involved in creating the venvs).
* In bigger installations, DAG Authors do not need to ask anyone to create the venvs for you.

>   As DAG Author, you only have to have virtualenv dependency installed and you can specify and modify the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  As a DAG Author, you only have to have virtualenv dependency installed and you can specify and modify the
```

  environments as you see fit.
* No changes in deployment requirements - whether you use Local virtualenv, or Docker, or Kubernetes,
  the tasks will work without adding anything to your deployment.

> * No need to learn more about containers, Kubernetes as DAG Author. Only knowledge of Python, requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* No need to learn more about containers, Kubernetes as a DAG Author. Only knowledge of Python requirements
```

  is required to author DAGs this way.

> There are certain limitations and overhead introduced by the operator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are certain limitations and overhead introduced by this operator:
```

* Your python callable has to be serializable. There are a number of python objects that are not serializable
  using standard ``pickle`` library. You can mitigate some of those limitations by using ``dill`` library
  but even that library does not solve all the serialization limitations.

> * All dependencies that are not available in Airflow environment must be locally imported in the callable you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All dependencies that are not available in the Airflow environment must be locally imported in the callable you
```

>   use and the top-level Python code of your DAG should not import/use those libraries.

Reviewer: This is a very important point!

* The virtual environments are run in the same operating system, so they cannot have conflicting system-level
  dependencies (``apt`` or ``yum`` installable packages). Only Python dependencies can be independently
  installed in those environments.
* The operator adds a CPU, networking and elapsed time overhead for running each task - Airflow has
  to re-create the virtualenv from scratch for each task
* The workers need to have access to PyPI or private repositories to install dependencies
* The dynamic creation of virtualenv is prone to transient failures (for example when your repo is not available

>   or when there is a networking issue with reaching the repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  or when there is a networking issue with reaching the repository)
```

* It's easy to  fall into a "too" dynamic environment - since the dependencies you install might get upgraded
  and their transitive dependencies might get independent upgrades you might end up with the situation where
  your task will stop working because someone released a new version of a dependency or you might fall
  a victim of "supply chain" attack where new version of a dependency might become malicious
* The tasks are only isolated from each other via running in different environments. This makes it possible
  that running tasks will still interfere with each other - for example subsequent tasks executed on the
  same worker might be affected by previous tasks creating/modifying files et.c

> Using PreexistingPythonVirtualenvOperator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using PythonPreexistingVirtualenvOperator
```

-----------------------------------------

.. versionadded:: 2.4

A bit more complex but with significantly less overhead, security, stability problems is to use the

> :class:`airflow.operators.python.PreexistingPythonVirtualenvOperator``, or even better - decorating your callable with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`airflow.operators.python.PythonPreexistingVirtualenvOperator``, or even better - decorating your callable with
```
I'm starting to question whether I have it wrong now :smile:

``@task.preexisting_virtualenv`` decorator. It requires however that the virtualenv you use is immutable

> by the task and prepared upfront in your environment (and available in all the workers in case your

Reviewer: What do you specifically mean by "It requires however that the virtualenv you use is immutable by the task"?

Author: This is mostly result of earlier question at the devlist "should we allow the user to also add extra requirements similar as in PythonVirtualenvOperator? 

My answer is "no". The env should be immutable - if we allow to mix "preexisting" but "dynamic" virtualenvs, this opens up a host of edge cases. This is why immutable is mentioned. We might want to add more info about it if you think it is unclear.

Reviewer: Ah yes, that extra little bit of context makes this clear now. Thanks

> Airflow runs in a distributed environments). This way you avoid the overhead and problems of re-creating the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Airflow runs in a distributed environment). This way you avoid the overhead and problems of re-creating the
```

virtual environment but they have to be prepared and deployed together with Airflow installation, so usually people

> who manage Airflow installation need to be involved (and in bigger installation those are usually different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
who manage Airflow installation need to be involved (and in bigger installations those are usually different
```

Those virtual environments can be prepared in various ways - if you use LocalExecutor they just need to be installed
at the machine where scheduler is run, if you are using distributed Celery virtualenv installations, there
should be a pipeline that installs those virtual environments across multiple machines, finally if you are using
Docker Image (for example via Kubernetes), the virtualenv creation should be added to the pipeline of
your custom image building.

The benefits of the operator are:

* No setup overhead when running the task. The virtualenv is ready when you start running a task.
* You can run tasks with different sets of dependencies on the same workers - thus all resources are reused.
* There is no need to have access by workers to PyPI or private repositories. Less chance for transient
  errors resulting from networking.
* The dependencies can be pre-vetted by the admins and your security team, no unexpected, new code will
  be added dynamically. This is good for both, security and stability.
* Limited impact on your deployment - you do not need to switch to Docker containers or Kubernetes to
  make a good use of the operator.

> * No need to learn more about containers, Kubernetes as DAG Author. Only knowledge of Python, requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* No need to learn more about containers, Kubernetes as a DAG Author. Only knowledge of Python, requirements
```

  is required to author DAGs this way.

The drawbacks:

* Your environment needs to have the virtual environments prepared upfront. This usually means that you

>   cannot change it on the flight, adding new or changing requirements require at least airflow re-deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  cannot change it on the fly, adding new or changing requirements require at least an Airflow re-deployment
```

  and iteration time when you work on new versions might be longer.
* Your python callable has to be serializable. There are a number of python objects that are not serializable
  using standard ``pickle`` library. You can mitigate some of those limitations by using ``dill`` library
  but even that library does not solve all the serialization limitations.
* All dependencies that are not available in Airflow environment must be locally imported in the callable you
  use and the top-level Python code of your DAG should not import/use those libraries.
* The virtual environments are run in the same operating system, so they cannot have conflicting system-level
  dependencies (``apt`` or ``yum`` installable packages). Only Python dependencies can be independently
  installed in those environments
* The tasks are only isolated from each other via running in different environments. This makes it possible
  that running tasks will still interfere with each other - for example subsequent tasks executed on the
  same worker might be affected by previous tasks creating/modifying files et.c

> Actually, you can think about the ``PythonVirtualenvOperator`` and ``PreexistingPythonVirtualenvOperator``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Actually, you can think about the ``PythonVirtualenvOperator`` and ``PythonPreexistingVirtualenvOperator``
```

> as counterparts - as DAG author you'd normally iterate with dependencies and develop your DAG using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as counterparts - as a DAG author you'd normally iterate with dependencies and develop your DAG using
```

> ``PythonVirtualenvOperator`` (thus decorating your tasks with ``@task.virtualenv`` decorators, while

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``PythonVirtualenvOperator`` (thus decorating your tasks with ``@task.virtualenv`` decorators) while
```

after the iteration and changes you would likely want to change it for production to switch to

> the ``PreexistingPythonVirtualenvOperator`` after your DevOps/System Admin teams deploy your new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ``PythonPreexistingVirtualenvOperator`` after your DevOps/System Admin teams deploy your new
```

virtualenv to production. The nice thing about this is that you can switch the decorator back
at any time and continue developing it "dynamically" with ``PythonVirtualenvOperator``.

Using DockerOperator or Kubernetes Pod Operator
-----------------------------------------------

> Another strategy is to use Docker Operator or Kubernetes Pod Operator. Those require that Airflow runs in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another strategy is to use the Docker Operator or the Kubernetes Pod Operator. Those require that Airflow runs in a
```

Docker container environment or Kubernetes environment (or at the very least have access to create and

> run tasks with those.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run tasks with those).
```

Similarly as in case of Python operators, the taskflow decorators are handy for you if you would like to
use those operators to execute your callable Python code.

> It is far more involved - you need to understand how Docker/Kubernetes Pods work if you want to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it is far more involved - you need to understand how Docker/Kubernetes Pods work if you want to use
```

this approach, but the tasks are fully isolated from each other and you are not even limited to running
Python code. You can write your tasks in any Programming language you want. Also your dependencies are
fully independent from Airflow ones (including the system level dependencies) so if your task require

> very different environment, this is the way to go. Those are ``@task.docker`` and ``@task.kubernetes``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a very different environment, this is the way to go. Those are ``@task.docker`` and ``@task.kubernetes``
```

decorators.

The benefits of those operators are:

* You can run tasks with different sets of both Python and system level dependencies, or even tasks
  written in completely different language or even different processor architecture (x86 vs. arm).

> * The environment used to run the tasks enjoys the optimizations and immutability of containers, where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The environment used to run the tasks enjoys the optimizations and immutability of containers, where a
```

  similar set of dependencies can effectively reuse a number of cached layers of the image, so the
  environment is optimized for the case where you have multiple similar, but different environments.
* The dependencies can be pre-vetted by the admins and your security team, no unexpected, new code will
  be added dynamically. This is good for both, security and stability.
* Complete isolation between tasks. They cannot influence one another in other ways than using standard
  Airflow XCom mechanisms.

The drawbacks:

* There is an overhead to start the tasks. Usually not as big as when creating virtual environments dynamically,
  but still significant (especially for Kubernetes Pod Operator).

> * Resource re-use is still OK but a little less fine grained than in case of running task via virtual environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Resource re-use is still OK but a little less fine grained than in the case of running task via virtual environment.
```

  There is an overhead that each running container and Pod introduce, depending on your deployment, but it is

>   generally higher than when running virtual environment task. Also, there is somewhat duplication of resources used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  generally higher than when running a virtual environment task. Also, the resources used are somewhat duplicated.
```

>   In case of both Docker and Kubernetes operator, running tasks requires always at least two processes - one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In case of both Docker and Kubernetes operator, running tasks requires at least two processes - one
```

>   process (running in Docker Container or Kubernetes Pod) executing the task, and supervising Airflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  process (running in Docker Container or Kubernetes Pod) executing the task, and another process supervising the Airflow
```

  Python task that submits the job to Docker/Kubernetes and monitors it's execution.
* Your environment needs to have the container images prepared upfront. This usually means that you

>   cannot change it on the flight, adding new or changing requirements require at least airflow re-deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  cannot change it on the fly, adding new or changing requirements requires at least an Airflow re-deployment
```

>   and iteration time when you work on new versions might be much longer. Appropriate deployment pipeline here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and iteration time when you work on new versions might be much longer. An appropriate deployment pipeline here
```

Might want to expand on what is "appropriate' here.

  is a must to be able to reliably maintain your deployment.
* Your python callable has to be serializable if you want to run it via decorators, also in this case
  all dependencies that are not available in Airflow environment must be locally imported in the callable you
  use and the top-level Python code of your DAG should not import/use those libraries.
* You need to understand more details about how Docker Containers or Kubernetes work. The abstraction
  provided by those two are "leaky", so you need to understand a bit more about resources, networking,

>   containers etc. in order to Author DAG that uses those operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  containers etc. in order to author a DAG that uses those operators.
```

Using multiple Docker Images and Celery Queues
----------------------------------------------

There is a possibility (though it requires a deep knowledge of Airflow deployment) to run Airflow tasks
using multiple, independent Docker images. This can be achieved via allocating different tasks to different
Queues and configuring your Celery workers to use different images for different Queues. This however
(at least currently) requires a lot of manual deployment configuration and intrinsic knowledge of how

> Airflow, Celery and Kubernetes works. Also it introduce quite some overhead for running the tasks - there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Airflow, Celery and Kubernetes works. Also it introduces quite some overhead for running the tasks - there
```

are less chances for resource reuse and it's much more difficult to fine-tune such a deployment for
cost of resources without impacting the performance and stability.

One of the possible ways to make it more useful is
`AIP-46 Runtime isolation for Airflow tasks and DAG parsing <https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/AIRFLOW/AIP-46+Runtime+isolation+for+airflow+tasks+and+dag+parsing>`_.
and completion of `AIP-43 DAG Processor Separation <https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/AIRFLOW/AIP-43+DAG+Processor+separation>`_

> Until those are implemented, there are very little benefits of using this approach and it is not recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until those are implemented, there are very few benefits of using this approach and it is not recommended.
```

> When those AIPs are implemented, however, this will open up the possibility of more multi-tenant approach,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When those AIPs are implemented, however, this will open up the possibility of a more multi-tenant approach,
```

> where multiple teams will be able to have completely isolated set of dependencies that will be used across

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where multiple teams will be able to have completely isolated sets of dependencies that will be used across
```

> all the lifecycle of DAG execution - from parsing to execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the full lifecycle of a DAG - from parsing to execution.
```

---------------------------

Some database migrations can be time-consuming.  If your metadata database is very large, consider pruning some of the old data with the :ref:`db clean<cli-db-clean>` command prior to performing the upgrade.  *Use with caution.*

Handling Python dependencies
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Airflow has many Python dependencies and sometimes the Airflow dependencies are conflicting with dependencies that your
task code expects. Since - by default - Airflow environment is just a single set of Python dependencies and single
Python environment, often there might also be cases that some of your tasks require different dependencies than other tasks

> and the dependencies basically conflict between those tasks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and the dependencies conflict between those tasks.
```

If you are using pre-defined Airflow Operators to talk to external services, there is not much choice, but usually those
operators will have dependencies that are not conflicting with basic Airflow dependencies. Airflow uses constraints mechanism
which means that you have a "fixed" set of dependencies that the community guarantees that Airflow can be installed with
(including all community providers) without triggering conflicts. However you can upgrade the providers
independently and their constraints do not limit you so the chance of a conflicting dependency is lower (you still have
to test those dependencies). Therefore when you are using pre-defined operators, chance is that you will have
little, to no problems with conflicting dependencies.

However, when you are approaching Airflow in a more "modern way", where you use TaskFlow Api and most of

> your operators are written using custom python code, or when you want to write your own Custom Operator,

Reviewer 2: I don't like this framing -- it paints pre-packaged operators as legacy and to-be-avoided, which they are not. Please reword this.

Author: I changed it to "pythonic" from modern

create a virtualenv that your Python callable function will execute in. In the modern
TaskFlow approach described in :doc:`/tutorial_taskflow_api`. this also can be done with decorating
your callable with ``@task.virtualenv`` decorator (recommended way of using the operator).
Each :class:`airflow.operators.python.PythonVirtualenvOperator` task can
have its own independent Python virtualenv and can specify fine-grained set of requirements that need
to be installed for that task to execute.

The operator takes care of:

* creating the virtualenv based on your environment
* serializing your Python callable and passing it to execution by the virtualenv Python interpreter
* executing it and retrieving the result of the callable and pushing it via xcom if specified

The benefits of the operator are:

* There is no need to prepare the venv upfront. It will be dynamically created before task is run, and
  removed after it is finished, so there is nothing special (except having virtualenv package in your
  airflow dependencies) to make use of multiple virtual environments
* You can run tasks with different sets of dependencies on the same workers - thus Memory resources are

>   reused (though see below about the CPU overhead involved in creating the venvs).

Reviewer 2: I don't think the point here about memory being reused is true -- since it's a new process each new venv has it's own copy of python and modules loaded -- nothing is shared.

Author: Right. It was a mental shortuct. I meant that you do not have to run multiple workers to handle multiple environments. So memory saving was from not essentially duplicating memory for running more workers. I reworded it.

  dependencies (``apt`` or ``yum`` installable packages). Only Python dependencies can be independently
  installed in those environments.
* The operator adds a CPU, networking and elapsed time overhead for running each task - Airflow has
  to re-create the virtualenv from scratch for each task
* The workers need to have access to PyPI or private repositories to install dependencies
* The dynamic creation of virtualenv is prone to transient failures (for example when your repo is not available
  or when there is a networking issue with reaching the repository)
* It's easy to  fall into a "too" dynamic environment - since the dependencies you install might get upgraded
  and their transitive dependencies might get independent upgrades you might end up with the situation where
  your task will stop working because someone released a new version of a dependency or you might fall
  a victim of "supply chain" attack where new version of a dependency might become malicious
* The tasks are only isolated from each other via running in different environments. This makes it possible
  that running tasks will still interfere with each other - for example subsequent tasks executed on the

>   same worker might be affected by previous tasks creating/modifying files et.c

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  same worker might be affected by previous tasks creating/modifying files etc.
```

Using PythonPreexistingVirtualenvOperator
-----------------------------------------

.. versionadded:: 2.4

> A bit more complex but with significantly less overhead, security, stability problems is to use the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A bit more complex but with significantly less overhead, security, and stability problems is to use the
```

:class:`airflow.operators.python.PythonPreexistingVirtualenvOperator``, or even better - decorating your callable with
``@task.preexisting_virtualenv`` decorator. It requires however that the virtualenv you use is immutable.
The ``immutable`` in this context means that (unlike in :class:`airflow.operators.python.PythonVirtualenvOperator`)

> you cannot add new dependencies to such pre-existing virtualenv. All dependencies you need should be added

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you cannot add new dependencies from the task to such a pre-existing virtualenv. All dependencies you need should be added
```

upfront in your environment (and available in all the workers in case your Airflow runs in a distributed
environment). This way you avoid the overhead and problems of re-creating the
virtual environment but they have to be prepared and deployed together with Airflow installation, so usually people
who manage Airflow installation need to be involved (and in bigger installations those are usually different
people than DAG Authors (DevOps/System Admins).

Those virtual environments can be prepared in various ways - if you use LocalExecutor they just need to be installed
at the machine where scheduler is run, if you are using distributed Celery virtualenv installations, there
should be a pipeline that installs those virtual environments across multiple machines, finally if you are using
Docker Image (for example via Kubernetes), the virtualenv creation should be added to the pipeline of
your custom image building.

The benefits of the operator are:

* No setup overhead when running the task. The virtualenv is ready when you start running a task.

> * You can run tasks with different sets of dependencies on the same workers - thus all resources are reused.

Reviewer 2: What resources? I don't understand that final bit.

Author: Same mental shortcut. If we do not have multiple envs inside same worker, if we want to have two envs  - we have to run two parallel workers (each worker assigned to  a different queue) running. Reworded.

> * There is no need to have access by workers to PyPI or private repositories. Less chance for transient
>   errors resulting from networking.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* There is no need to have access by workers to PyPI or private repositories; less chance for transient
  errors resulting from networking glitches.
```

* The dependencies can be pre-vetted by the admins and your security team, no unexpected, new code will

>   be added dynamically. This is good for both, security and stability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  be added at task run time. This is good for both security and stability.
```

* Limited impact on your deployment - you do not need to switch to Docker containers or Kubernetes to
  make a good use of the operator.

> * No need to learn more about containers, Kubernetes as a DAG Author. Only knowledge of Python, requirements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* No need to learn more about containers or Kubernetes as a DAG Author. Only knowledge of Python and requirements
```

  cannot change it on the fly, adding new or changing requirements require at least an Airflow re-deployment
  and iteration time when you work on new versions might be longer.
* Your python callable has to be serializable. There are a number of python objects that are not serializable
  using standard ``pickle`` library. You can mitigate some of those limitations by using ``dill`` library
  but even that library does not solve all the serialization limitations.
* All dependencies that are not available in Airflow environment must be locally imported in the callable you
  use and the top-level Python code of your DAG should not import/use those libraries.
* The virtual environments are run in the same operating system, so they cannot have conflicting system-level
  dependencies (``apt`` or ``yum`` installable packages). Only Python dependencies can be independently
  installed in those environments
* The tasks are only isolated from each other via running in different environments. This makes it possible
  that running tasks will still interfere with each other - for example subsequent tasks executed on the

>   same worker might be affected by previous tasks creating/modifying files et.c

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  same worker might be affected by previous tasks creating/modifying files etc.
```

> Actually, you can think about the ``PythonVirtualenvOperator`` and ``PythonPreexistingVirtualenvOperator``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can think about the ``PythonVirtualenvOperator`` and ``PythonPreexistingVirtualenvOperator``
```

as counterparts - as a DAG author you'd normally iterate with dependencies and develop your DAG using
``PythonVirtualenvOperator`` (thus decorating your tasks with ``@task.virtualenv`` decorators) while
after the iteration and changes you would likely want to change it for production to switch to
the ``PythonPreexistingVirtualenvOperator`` after your DevOps/System Admin teams deploy your new
virtualenv to production. The nice thing about this is that you can switch the decorator back
at any time and continue developing it "dynamically" with ``PythonVirtualenvOperator``.

Using DockerOperator or Kubernetes Pod Operator
-----------------------------------------------

Another strategy is to use the Docker Operator or the Kubernetes Pod Operator. Those require that Airflow runs in a
Docker container environment or Kubernetes environment (or at the very least have access to create and
run tasks with those).

> Similarly as in case of Python operators, the taskflow decorators are handy for you if you would like to
> use those operators to execute your callable Python code.
> 
> However, it is far more involved - you need to understand how Docker/Kubernetes Pods work if you want to use
> this approach, but the tasks are fully isolated from each other and you are not even limited to running
> Python code. You can write your tasks in any Programming language you want. Also your dependencies are
> fully independent from Airflow ones (including the system level dependencies) so if your task require
> a very different environment, this is the way to go. Those are ``@task.docker`` and ``@task.kubernetes``
> decorators.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similarly as in case of Python operators, the taskflow decorators ``@task.docker`` and ``@task.kubernets``` are handy for you if you would like to
use those operators to execute your callable Python code.

However, it is far more involved - you need to understand how Docker/Kubernetes Pods work if you want to use
this approach, but the tasks are fully isolated from each other and you are not even limited to running
Python code. You can write your tasks in any Programming language you want. Also your dependencies are
fully independent from Airflow ones (including the system level dependencies) so if your task require
a very different environment, this is the way to go.
```

> The benefits of those operators are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The benefits of these operators are:
```

* You can run tasks with different sets of both Python and system level dependencies, or even tasks
  written in completely different language or even different processor architecture (x86 vs. arm).
* The environment used to run the tasks enjoys the optimizations and immutability of containers, where a
  similar set of dependencies can effectively reuse a number of cached layers of the image, so the
  environment is optimized for the case where you have multiple similar, but different environments.
* The dependencies can be pre-vetted by the admins and your security team, no unexpected, new code will

>   be added dynamically. This is good for both, security and stability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  be added at task runtime. This is good for both security and stability.
```
